Potential Typo (#91)
kentcdodds/advanced-react-hooks: src/exercise/02.md

For the exercise, we have a reducer that's responsible for managing the state of
the promise for fetching the pokemon. Managing async state is something every

> app does plenty of time so it would be nice if we could abstract that away into a
> custom hook and make use of it elsewhere.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
app does all the time so it would be nice if we could abstract that away into a
custom hook and make use of it elsewhere.
```
